Command Summary:

  clear: 
        Abandons the current game (if one is in progress), and clears the board to its initial
      configuration. Playing stops until the next start command.
  start:
      Start playing from the current position, if not doing so already (has no effect if cur-
      rently playing). Takes moves alternately from Black and White.
  c1r1-c2r2:
       As indicated in §1.1, indicates a move from c1r1 to c2r2 (e.g., b8-b6.) This com-
      mand is valid only during play (after start is issued). The first and then every other
      move is for the Black player, the second and then every other is for White, and the
      normal legality rules apply to all moves.
  auto P:
      Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player P to be
      played by an automated player (an AI) on subsequent moves. The value P must be
      “black” or “white” (ignore case—“black” or “BLACK also work). Initially, White is an
      automated player.
  manual P:
      Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player P to
      take moves from the terminal on subsequent moves. The value of P is as for the auto
      command. Initially, Black is a manual player.
  set CR P:
      Stop any current game. Depending on P, set the contents of square CR (see
      §1.1). P is either ‘b’, ‘w’, or ‘e’ (for Black, White, or empty) indicating what to place in
      the given square. When P is b, the next player to move when play resumes (as a result
      of start) becomes White, and when P is w, the next player to move becomes Black.
      dump This command is especially for testing and debugging. It prints the board out in exactly
      the following format:

  seed N: 
      If your program’s automated players use pseudo-random numbers to choose moves,
    this command sets the random seed to N (a long integer). It has no effect if there is no
    random component to your automated players (or if you don’t use automated players
    them in a particular game). It doesn’t matter exactly how you use N as long as your
    automated player behaves identically each time it is seeded with N. In the absence of
    a seed command, do what you want to seed your generator. The idea behind seed is
    to make it possible to have reproducible results when testing an AI.
  
  help:
    Print a brief summary of the commands.
  quit:
    Exits the program.